\section{Introduction}
Nuclear power plants (NPPs) undergo safety analyses to evaluate the physical phenomena within them. These analyses include deterministic safety analyses, which predict the response to possible events and have specific rules and acceptance criteria. Using different computational tools, they cover various aspects such as neutronic, thermohydraulic, radiological, thermomechanical, and structural factors. The best estimate deterministic safety analyses are important to confirm the strategies to restore normal conditions following accidents. Emergency operating procedures define the actions to be taken during such events, and deterministic safety analyses provide necessary input to specify operator actions during accidents. They should be an important element of accident management strategy reviews \cite{iaea_safety_glossary, iaea2010development}.

Sensitivity calculations should be carried out on the timing of necessary operator actions to establish the available period for the operator to take effective action. Deterministic safety analyses also help identify challenges that can be expected during the progression of accidents and provide a basis for developing guidelines for managing and mitigating accidents. Probabilistic safety assessments (PSAs) can determine the probability of damage for each barrier and evaluate the risk that arises from low-frequency sequences leading to barrier damage. A deterministic analysis is adequate for higher-frequency events \cite{iaea_safety_glossary, iaea2010development}.

Best-estimate analysis (BE) is a type of safety analysis that uses the best available data and modeling techniques to analyze the behavior of the plant under different conditions. It focuses on providing a more realistic representation of the plant's behavior. BEPU analysis is a type of safety analysis that combines the advantages of both DSA and BE analysis. It involves using best-estimate models with realistic uncertainties and uncertainties propagated through the analysis. Conservative analysis is a type of safety analysis that uses highly conservative assumptions and models to ensure that the plant is safe under all conditions \cite{iaea_safety_glossary, iaea2010development}.

It is important to consider the specific requirements and limitations of each type of safety analysis and select the appropriate method based on the specific situation. Establishing appropriate acceptance criteria is also important, taking into account regulatory requirements and industry standards, as well as the specific needs and goals of the organization. Ultimately, safety analysis aims to ensure that the plant is safe under all conditions and that appropriate measures are in place to prevent or mitigate potential accidents.

\section{Analyses}
The acceptance criteria for safety analysis methods can vary depending on the specific application and regulatory requirements. However, in general, here are some possible acceptance criteria for the safety analysis methods you mentioned in the context of the Fukushima accident:

\begin{itemize}
\item Deterministic Safety Analysis (DSA): This method typically involves analyzing various accident scenarios to identify the potential sources of failure and the corresponding safety measures to mitigate them. The acceptance criteria for DSA may include ensuring that the safety measures effectively prevent or mitigate the consequences of the identified failure scenarios. For Fukushima, the acceptance criteria for DSA could include evaluating the effectiveness of the safety measures in place at the time of the accident and identifying any potential improvements.
\item Probabilistic Safety Analysis (PSA): This method typically involves quantifying the likelihood and consequences of various accident scenarios using statistical methods. The acceptance criteria for PSA may include ensuring that the overall risk of the plant is below a certain threshold and that the identified safety measures effectively reduce the risk. For Fukushima, the acceptance criteria for PSA could include evaluating the probability of the various accident scenarios that led to the accident and identifying any potential improvements to the safety measures based on the results.
\item Best Estimate Plus Uncertainty (BEPU): This method combines computer simulation results with uncertainty analysis to quantify the likelihood and consequences of various accident scenarios. The acceptance criteria for BEPU may include ensuring that the simulation models are accurate and that the uncertainty analysis is performed rigorously. For Fukushima, the acceptance criteria for BEPU could include evaluating the accuracy of the simulation models used to predict the accident scenarios and quantifying the uncertainties associated with the results.
\item Conservative Analysis: This method assumes conservative values for various parameters to ensure effective safety measures under worst-case scenarios. The acceptance criteria for conservative analysis may include ensuring that the assumed conservative values are justified and that the safety measures are effective under worst-case scenarios. For Fukushima, the acceptance criteria for conservative analysis could include evaluating the effectiveness of the safety measures under worst-case scenarios and identifying any potential improvements.
\end{itemize}

It is important to note that these acceptance criteria are not exhaustive. The specific acceptance criteria for safety analysis methods may vary depending on the application and regulatory requirements.

\section{Concluding remark}
For the Fukushima accident, a Probabilistic Safety Assessment (PSA) would be a suitable safety analysis method to evaluate the likelihood and consequences of a severe accident in a nuclear power plant. PSA is a systematic and comprehensive methodology considering initiating events, accident progression, and mitigation strategies. It also provides insights into the risk reduction benefits of design improvements and operational modifications.

The acceptance criteria for a PSA typically include quantifying the likelihood of initiating events and their associated frequencies, the effectiveness of safety systems and procedures, and the radiological consequences to the public and the environment. These criteria can be based on the regulatory requirements, international standards, and best practices for nuclear safety.

It is also important to consider the lessons learned from the Fukushima accident when developing and applying the acceptance criteria for the PSA. These lessons include the need to account for low probability, high consequence events, the importance of considering the full range of interactions between human, organizational, and technical factors, and the need to re-examine and challenge the basic assumptions of nuclear safety periodically.

In addition to PSA, a Deterministic Safety Analysis (DSA) could also be performed to evaluate the behavior of the plant under normal and abnormal conditions. A Best-Estimate plus Uncertainty (BEPU) analysis could account for the uncertainties in the models and data used in the DSA and PSA. Conservative analyses could also evaluate the plant response under extreme conditions beyond the design basis. However, these methods should not be relied upon solely and should be complemented with a probabilistic approach like PSA.
